## Inspiration
With the development of the industry, we are currently in the Red Sea market of GameFi, but the current games on the market are too simplistic. It can be seen from the retention of users that it is difficult for most games to attract players continuously, because they lack the sense of smell and experience for a complete business structure. We have conceived a very complete commercial design and architecture for CheersLand, Game-as-a-Service model, which make it match us very well. CheersLand is being developed by a professional team with extensive experiences across blockchain, DeFi and gaming. You can find the team's resume here:
https://docs.cheersland.org/team

## What it does
CheersLand is dedicated to building an expandable GameFi universe where anyone can monetize their gaming experiences and social networks.  
CheersLand has a complete product matrix and commercial closed-loop design, which provides gamified usage scenarios for crypto token holders without payment, composed of multi-game combinations, Ranking List, *Initial Gaming Offering (IGO)*, NFT Market and Multi-asset Staking Platform.  
Users are allowed to stake their tokens in the Staking Pool Contract developed by CheersLand or directly invite their friends through the exclusive link generated by CheersLand to earn *Health Point(HP)*, the universal ticket for the CheersLand Multi-game Platform and used in the games of CheersLand.  
All players who got rankings in the games will be rewarded every week. The weekly prizes are including but not limited to multi-asset airdrops of the sponsors, in-game items, revenue from Regular business of CheersLand, such as IGO and NFT Market, etc..

## How we built it
We’d like to build a multi-game platform based on Solana and deploy *Crypto Pirates* as the first classic game to allow users to play the game with Solana wallets, and support users to stake their tokens or directly invite friends to earn HPs and rewards without payment.  
We would like to bring our Game-as-a-Service model to the Solana ecosystem and build our DAPPs on Solana to provide gamified token use cases for Solana ecological users.  
Solana itself has created a cryptographically secure and trustless time source. By weaving this time source into the blockchain, it verifies the time and sequence of node events in the network. At the same time, Solana is an ultra-high performance public chain with 50k TPS, which is very fascinating to CheersLand. With the advantages of high TPS of Solana and strong community, we can run our DAPPs in an excellent blockchain environment, and achieve better user growth and bring a better experience for players.

## Challenges we ran into

## Accomplishments that we're proud of
We are proud of our team's combat effectiveness and development capabilities.  
The edge we have over the competition can be summarized as follows:  
- We have launched the first classic game, *Crypto Pirates*, based on the principle of simplicity and ease to play, which is deployed on Binance Smart Chain and the feasibility of its business model has been verified while still in early access. Within four weeks of its launch, the game had accumulated more than 3200 players. Therefore we have a first-mover advantage compared to game products that have not yet been launched.
- The reason why we choose Classic Games instead of 3A games as the prioritized type of games for launch, is that Classic Games have a broad user base at any age around the world, and allow players to play the game at any time and anywhere with no barriers to participation, which also avoids competition in the Red Sea market.. Besides, we'd like to use the GameFi business model to power Classic Games and pay tribute to the classics. All games based on CheersLand will adopt similar business models and gameplay without payment.
- CheersLand is dual-driven in Play to Earn mode and Build to Earn mode, with the product portfolio of Gamified Launchpad, Multi-game Universe, Multi-asset Staking Platform and NFT Market, and powered developing new users by the invitation mechanism, which builds a unique and diversified GameFi ecosystem.

## What we learned
CheersLand is dual-driven in Play to Earn mode and Build to Earn mode, with the product portfolio of Gamified Launchpad, Multi-game Universe, Multi-asset Staking Platform and NFT Market, and powered developing new users by the invitation mechanism, which builds a unique and diversified GameFi ecosystem.  
According to the positioning of CheersLand, we checked all the projects on the market and didn't find a direct competitor to CheersLand. We are a technology-centric and innovation-oriented team. We'd like to use our commercial experience and continuous innovation to create a truly sustainable product matrix, so that users can feel the fascinating innovation brought by blockchain technology.

## What's next for CheersLand
CheersLand has implemented its MVP on Binance Smart Chain and verified its business model. We would like to bring our Game-as-a-Service model to the Solana ecosystem and build our DAPPs on Solana to provide gamified token use cases for Solana ecological users.  
Here’s our future development:  
- Build2Earn: CheersLand will attract game builders to list their games with CheersLand API and use the same module around the fourth quarter.
- NFT Market for trading in-game items.
- Optimistic Governance Module for CheersLand DAO and holders.
